Stacks: generate (#3627)
gruntwork-io/terragrunt: docs/_docs/04_reference/cli-options.md

- destroy will be executed only on subset of services dependent from `eks-service-3`

### stack

> The `terragrunt stack` commands provide a new interface for managing collections of Terragrunt units defined in `terragrunt.stack.hcl` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `terragrunt stack` commands provide an interface for managing collections of Terragrunt units defined in `terragrunt.stack.hcl` files.
```

Let's try to keep these docs evergreen.

> These commands simplify the process of handling multiple infrastructure units by grouping them into a "stack," reducing code duplication and streamlining operations across environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These commands simplify the process of handling multiple infrastructure units by grouping them into a "stack", reducing code duplication and streamlining operations across environments.
```

> The `terragrunt stack generate` command is used to generate a stack of Terragrunt `hcl` files based on the configuration provided in the `terragrunt.stack.hcl` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `terragrunt stack generate` command is used to generate a stack of `terragrunt.hcl` files based on the configuration provided in the `terragrunt.stack.hcl` file.
```
